---
layout: docs
title: 1e. Troubleshooting
permalink: /docs/1/e-troubleshooting/
---
If you're in need of support, we provide several resources for getting help.
Before considering any of these options we recommend you try to solve the problem yourself first.
Maybe you already know what's going on; if that's true, you can report it or suggest something entirely new.

### Before getting help
* Ensure that you have read our documentation thoroughly, we could've already mentioned it.
* If the above does not work, try searching the forum for pre-existing discussions.
* For development-related issues, make a suggestion on the forum instead.
* For client-side errors (such as Minecraft crashes or Internet connection problems), seek help from an external source.

### Platform support
To receive support from the forum, all you need to do is make sure that you have a forum account—then ask a question on the forum paired with the ‘support’ tag.
An administrator will make an attempt to assist you as soon as possible.

For guild-sourced support, you can get help through our guild's [#developer-chat](https://discord.gg/3fFF2V2).
It's also possible to directly message an Executive using Discord if you prefer talking privately.
Be respectful and don't annoy admins, they can block you.

### Direct support
If you need direct help from the server owner, you can contact `@irix#5973` through Discord.
Direct support is also prvoided through our `webmaster@mg.shadow.ga` e-mail address.
Please don't use in-game messaging (`/msg` or `/whisper`) to send confidential information as it can be read and logged by admins.

## Website and forum
Issues with the homepage, documentation page, or forum can get complicated.
It's important to provide as much information as possible when you're reporting something.

### Browser support
Pages and discussions are loaded on several different platforms so we need to provide support for several browsers.
We recommend [Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/browser) but you can also use Firefox or Opera.

> **Note:** Older versions of Chrome and some other browsers may not support the latest protocols used by our services. To ensure compliance, we recommend using the latest version of your browser. Information about our web security can be found on the Security page.

It's up to you, but keep in mind that we don't provide support for Microsoft Edge or Internet Explorer.
When it comes to ad-blocking, it's completely optional since we never use advertisements.

### Error codes
If you navigate this website enough, you may make a typographical error and accidentally encounter an error page.
What you see when visiting one of these links describes the problem and gives you an error code.
Below is a list of every code, a quick summary of what they mean, and the steps we recommend you take to fix the problem.

#### html-cl-403
This error signifies that you do not have permission to access this page.
A developer could've modified the access permissions or made the content private.
* Ensure that you're supposed to be authorized in the first place.
* Make sure that you're logged into your forum account if the page contains a forum subdomain.
* Check to make sure that you aren't suspended if the page varies by account.

#### html-cl-404
Also known as a 404 error, this signifies that the page you have attempted to locate couldn't be found.
A link with this error code could easily have content in the future.
If the link previously contained content, it has likely either been deleted or moved to another link.

* Check for typographical or formatting errors in the link you used.
* If the link was from a bookmark or you were redirected there, the content could've been modified.
* Ensure that your link contains a proper extension at the end if needed.

#### html-se-500
This error signifies that there's an internal server error.
An internal error could've been the result of server downtime or a file misplacement.
Here's what you can do:

* Wait for a few minutes and reload the page to see if the error was repaired.
* Check official resources for notes about known errors or planned downtime.
* If none of the above solve the issue, notify an administrator.

#### html-se-503
Generally a forum error, this signifies that the service in question is down for maintenance.
Under certain circumstances it can also indicate an overload in traffic.
Usually these errors are only temporary and are on purpose to save data when content is being developed.

* Wait for a few minutes and reload the page to see if the error was repaired.
* Check another resource for notes about known errors or planned downtime.
* Try accessing similar pages under the same subdomain to see if they function.
* If none of the above solve the issue, notify an administrator.

### Cloudflare errors
Any error generated by Cloudflare may be a result of problems with their service.
If the error signifies that the problem is on our end, notify an administrator.

## Issues and suggestions
As an open-source server with operations public to everyone, we try to make reporting bugs and proposing suggestions fairly easy.
For this reason we have an online forum that allows other members to share their take on the issue or proposal.
This page outlines what to do if you are interested in shining light on an issue or suggesting something to make our server better.

### What an issue is
An issue is a fault in any system or a weakness not meant to be there.
This is different from a suggestion, where you are proposing a feature that doesn't exist already.
Issues can vary from already implemented features that aren't working to obvious errors in our server or forum.
This may also be referred to as a bug.

### What a suggestion is
A suggestion is something not yet implemented that you would like to see on here.
Usually people suggest big things like introducing a new feature, but people can also suggest small changes (even grammatical or cosmetic).
Suggestions may or may not be accepted depending on how much of a change they would make and how you could implement it.

### Taking action
To reveal an issue or suggestion, you may start a discussion on our forum.
If your discussion is about an issue, please use the 'development' tag paired with a proper sub-tag (server, forum, or resource pack).
If it's about a suggestion, use the 'suggestions' tag instead.
After your post is voted on by our administrator team, it can be accepted or denied by an Executive or above.
Here's what's required for revealing an issue or suggestion:
* You must have a forum account.
* You must make sure that nobody has made a discussion about your same topic.
* A clear description of the problem or what you want to suggest.
* If this is an issue, please ensure that the problem is reproducible.
* If this is a suggestion, please describe how your proposal would benefit us.

### Implementation
Most server-related changes are implemented by a developer, but some things may only require an addition or deletion to our library of plugins. Changes to our forum are usually made by modifying our extension list while website changes (still abbreviated under the 'forum' sub-tag) are made through the corresponding GitHub repository.
