---
layout: docs
title: 1h. Support and troubleshooting
permalink: /docs/1/h-support/
---
If you're in need of support, we're here for you.
Support is a big deal to us and we provide several resources for getting help.
Before considering any of these options we recommend you try to solve the problem yourself first.

### Before getting help
* Ensure that you have read our documentation thoroughly and clearly because the issue may have been mentioned already.
* If the above does not work, try searching the forum to make sure that nobody has already brought up your issue.
* For development-related issues, make them a suggestion on the forum instead of asking an administrator.
* For non-related errors (such as Minecraft crashes or Internet connection problems), seek help from an external source.

### Get help on Discord
Sometimes an admin may busy or not on the server.
For problems like this we have a Discord server and you can request an invite link by clicking the 'chat' button on our navigation bar.
Just like on our server, you can directly message someone on Discord if you prefer talking privately.

### Get help on the forum
Even with the above options, you may have a question that multiple people could answer or maybe you'd like it posted for a longer period of time.
To get forum support, all you need to do is make sure that you've got a forum account and ask a question on the forum paired with the ‘support’ tag.
An administrator will make an attempt to assist you as soon as possible.

You can also contact our server owner using the Discord handle `@irix#5973` if that floats your boat.

## Error codes
If you navigate this website enough, you may make a typographical error and accidentally encounter an error page.
What you see when visiting one of these links describes the problem and gives you an error code.
These codes can help developers identify the problem and find a way to solve it.
Below is a list of every code and a quick summary of what they mean.

### html-cl-403
This error signifies that you do not have permission to access this page.
A developer could've modified the access permissions or made the content private.
#### Recommended solutions
* Ensure that you're supposed to be authorized in the first place.
* Make sure that you're logged into your forum account if the page contains a forum subdomain.
* Check to make sure that you aren't suspended if the page varies by account.

### html-cl-404
Also known as a 404 error, this signifies that the page you have attempted to locate couldn't be found.
A link with this error code could easily have content in the future.
If the link previously contained content, it has likely either been deleted or moved to another link.
#### Recommended solutions
* Check for typographical or formatting errors in the link you used.
* If the link was from a dated bookmark or you were redirected there, the content could've been modified.
* Ensure that your link contains a proper extension at the end if needed.

### html-se-500
This error signifies that there's an internal server error.
An internal error could've been the result of server downtime or a file misplacement.
#### Recommended solutions
* Wait for a few minutes and reload the page to see if the error was repaired.
* Check any official community resources for notes about known errors or planned downtime.
* If none of the above solve the issue, notify an administrator.

### html-se-503
Generally a forum error, this signifies that the service in question is down for maintenance.
Under certain circumstances it can also indicate an overload in traffic.
Usually these errors are only temporary and are on purpose to save data when content is being developed.
#### Recommended solutions
* Wait for a few minutes and reload the page to see if the error was repaired.
* Check any official community resources for notes about planned downtime.
* Try accessing similar pages under the same subdomain to see if they function.
* If none of the above solve the issue, notify an administrator.

### Cloudflare errors
Any error generated by Cloudflare may be a result of problems with their service.
If the error signifies that the problem is on our end, notify an administrator.
